welcome to Pagani Pinoy my anima balut
attire Nakumatt in Kahana terrowin here
are the ingredients 1 cup of condensed
milk 1/2 kilogram of cassava and lumpia
wrapper place the cassava pieces in a
pot and cover completely with water
bring to a ball for 15 minutes or until
the cassava is soft enough next remove
the cassava from the pot and transfer to
a mixing bowl using a wire whisk mash
the cassava
okay now pour the condensed milk and mix
thoroughly
okay now we are ready to wrap our
cassava mixture so we cut our wrapper in
triangle place a tablespoon of cassava
mixture in one corner of the wrapper
arrange it horizontally okay
then fold both ends and draw the wrapper
until completely sealed
okay so here it is we will do the same
on the remaining cassava mixture
okay so seeing horizontal II and then
fold both ends and roll
now fry the wrapped cassava in a hot
cooking oil just put it one by one and
cook until golden brown
okay so later we will flip this to cook
the other side of our Tehran
autonomy on an attic kamat incarnate on
ad set up shop for Enda so thank you for
watching and please don't forget to
share and subscribe for more upcoming
pin-high recipes thank you bye